# Weekly Meeting Minutes — Start of Week

## Date and Time

01/12/2025
14:00

---

## Current Progress Update

* Summary of work completed since last meeting:

  * ARUCO marker generation script "aruco_gen.py" which creates markers.
  * Camera calibration script "camera_calibration.py" which gives distortion and camera matrix of attached camera.
  * Functional pose detection for ARUCO markers script "aruco.py". Displays DEPTHAI camera feed and draws axes. Stores translation and rotation vectors stored as array of tvecs and rvecs.
  * Wired Pixhawk and Raspi fasic MavProxy communication via UART with Raspi 5 and Pixhawk V6X.
  * Updated README and github to reflect important info.

---

## Deliverables for the Week

* Deliverable 1:

  * Functional Python3 script to dynamically send commands to Ardupilot via Mavproxy or Mavutil.
  * Due: Friday 5th December
  
* Deliverable 2:

  * Existing Code annotated, commented and linked to appropriate flowchart or diagram. I.e. Node diagram for DEPTHAI camera.
  * Due: Friday 5th December

* Deliverable 3:

  * Flowchart or diagram for Mavlink - Ardupilot communication script including physical connections.
  * Due: Friday 5th December
---

## Goals and Priorities

* Primary goals for this week:

  * Research guided flight mode and Ardupilot functions such as AC_WPNav. Determine what information to send across the UART. Modify "aruco.py" script to output those inputs.
  * Write script to send information to Ardupilot.
  * Prepare to use mavros, research into usage and begin implementation.

---

## Risks / Blockers

* Any known issues that may impact progress:

  * Told not to use ros for simulation. Will see what difficulties are encountered.
  * Real flight testing is very time consuming and dangerous, simulation is much preferred.

---

## Stretch Goals and Project Goals

* Stretch goals for the project in order of priority.

  * Functional landing system using Raspi Zero and Pixhawk.
  * Refine code and parameters for better performance.
  * Try different camera types and resolutions to evaluate best camera choice.
  * Translate code from Python3 to C++ and evaluate performance changes.
  * Analyze computer resource requirements and choose appropriate lightweight microcomputer for this project.
  * Develop PCB for new microcomputer.
  * Develop lightweight housing and assembly for the microcomputer and camera.

---

## Notes / Additional Comments

* Try using m = mavutil.mavlink_connection('/dev/serial0', baud=57600).
* Look into AC_WPN.
* Second half of week maybe weds start doing ros simulation.
* First half of week sending message to ardupilot.
* Look into guided flight mode and ned position.
* General approach should be to pretend raspi is a GCS.
* Start with guided flight mode and change to land flight mode.
